Q: How many data points per project (% of total evolution data of a project) is needed at a minimum for solid analysis?
A: A non-interrupted sequence with a certain minimum of data points is needed. Missing information might be identified
   as a pattern which is not.

Q: What is the best minimum sequence length?
A: Currently, we have set it to 4 data points. I cannot come up with reasons why, but neither with reasons why not.

Q: What does LOC.Churn per Active.Developers say?
A: Plain LOC.Churn per Active.Developers is flawed because:
(1) It does not say anything about team size; teams could have members that haven't committed in that month; and,
(2) It does not say anything about team performance; team size varies during project lifetime, all churns are aggregated per team size, thus the longer a project stays in the same team size, the better the project will seem to perform with that team size.

Q: Is Active.Developers per 1k LOC.Churn better? This says something about team performance?
A: ?

Q: We could try to determine the code churn per contributor metric (Crowston et al. 2003) by dividing the LOC.Churn by Active.Developers. Is it accurate enough?
A: ?
   If there is 10,000 LOC churn and 10 active developers, then it is flattened to 100 LOC per developer.
   The real division could be 2,000 per developer for 4 developers, 1,000 for 1, and 200 for the others.
   Depends on what relation is analyzed.

Q: Can we use wavelet analysis to find objective warning signs in software projects leading to the end of code evolution?
A: Apparently, yes.

Q: What patterns can be found using wavelet analysis?
A: Regions of no LOC change, when using Months as time, and LOC as frequency.

Q: Under what conditions does wavelet analysis succeed or fail in detecting evolutionary events?
A: In the case of using Months as time, and LOC as frequency, you need to have a complete data range, or you will
   detect regions of no LOC change which suggest low activity when the actual reason is that you have no data; a false positive.
   If you have a complete range of data, you will be able to find shorter and longer regions of no LOC change. These
   regions may occur anywhere in the project lifetime. Care should be taken to not mistake any sequence of minor LOC
   change for a warning sign.
